# Personal-Blog
Personal Blog Challenge
I am terrified of this challenge, but I am taking deep breaths and remaining calm. I used Command Line to create the directories and files to match the structure given in the assignment. Per Instructor Andrew Bautista's advice, I am going to code the index html first.
I read on https://www.w3schools.com/tags/tag_label.asp  about the form, label, input, and button tags. And I am implementing them into my HTML.  These are semantic elements that will make the page more accessible and for browsers to properly load the page. In the index html page I am putting in the identifiers for the input field so that I can later target them with the JS. For the content part I used the element textarea because that allows for more than one line of text. I think I got the index html done. I ran the browser and it worked! Time for a Git Push! While reviewing my index html, I noticed that I wrote the Username fields in twice. I was focusing on following the mockup image given in the assignment that I did not realize I already did the username. So, I just deleted those two repeat lines. Now when I run the browser, there is only one username field instead of two. That update will show in the next Git Push after I finish writing the blog html. The blog html was fairly straightforward. I used the button id attribute so that I could target it with the JS for DOM manipulation. I added a comment about where the blog posts will go, so that I can visualize what I am doing. I don't have any actual blog posts to put in for this assignment. Time for another git push. Back to trial and error for moving stuff around with CSS. Adjusted margins, font, padding, border, and picked colors. I kind of like the look. Time for another Git Push. I am working on pseudocoding the JS, and it is a lot harder than I thought it would be. I thought pseudocoding would be easy. It's not. Once I figure out what to do, then typing the actual code should be relatively easier. I know I have to add a thing to allow the DOM to fully load before the script runs. Select form element by its id. I just finished pseudocoding the form js. It follows the same logic as last week's class activities. Time to push it to Git Hub. While coding the JS form, I saw that I had to add a preventDefault to prevent the page from reloading. I did not include this in my pseudocode. I had to follow the outline from class activities to get all the syntax. Pseudocoding the logic and blog js scripts. Time for a Git push! When I coded the form JS I deleted my pseudocode notes and I kind of regret that now. I think they are preserved in the multiple git pushes, but I am not certain. I am going to preserve my comment notes for these last two scripts. Time to write out the actual JS for blog and logic. I finished the code and tested the website. Everything works except for toggling dark mode. I am going to try to read through my code and find out why. But first, a git push. 